Feat: Appreg v2 updates (#6855)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/dev-portal/applications/dynamic-client-registration/okta.md

Reviewer: @c3pko Can you verify that my API requests are correct? If they aren't could you comment what they should be?

Author: updated a few .techs to .coms but otherwise looks great! note there are still a lot of links out to netlify, I assume we want to update those to the production links?

## Configure the Dev Portal

> Once you have Okta configured, you can set up the Dev Portal to use Okta for dynamic client registration (DCR). This will require two flows, one to create the DCR Provider, and one to create the Auth Strategy. DCR Providers are standalone configurations, meaning after you set up the Okta DCR Provider, you can reuse that config in many auth strategies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you have Okta configured, you can set up the Dev Portal to use Okta for dynamic client registration (DCR). This will require two flows, one to create the DCR provider, and one to create the auth strategy. DCR providers are standalone configurations, meaning after you set up the Okta DCR provider, you can reuse that config in other auth strategies.
```

1. Sign in to {{site.konnect_short_name}}, then select {% konnect_icon dev-portal %} **Dev Portal** from the menu.

2. Navigate to **Application Auth** to access the authentication settings for your API Products.

3. Open the **DCR Providers** to view all configured DCR Providers

> 4. Select **New DCR Provider** button to create an Okta configuration. Provide a name for internal use within {{site.konnect_short_name}} and a display name for visibility on your Portal.

Reviewer 2: We no longer have a display name for DCR providers
```suggestion
4. Select **New DCR Provider** button to create an Okta configuration. Provide a name for internal use within {{site.konnect_short_name}}. The name and provider type information will not be exposed to Dev Portal developers.
```

> 5. Enter the **Issuer URL** for your authorization server and the **DCR Token** that you created in Okta. Select Okta as the **Provider Type**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Enter the **Issuer URL** for your authorization server and the **DCR Token** that you created in Okta. Select Okta as the **Provider Type**. Note: The DCR token will be stored in isolated, encrypted storage and will not be readable through any Konnect API.
```

> 6. Save your DCR Provider. You should now see it in the list of DCR providers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Save your DCR provider. You should now see it in the list of DCR providers.
```

> 7. Navigate to the **Auth Strategy** tab, then select **New Auth Strategy** to create an auth strategy that uses the DCR Provider you added.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Navigate to the **Auth Strategy** tab, then select **New Auth Strategy** to create an auth strategy that uses the DCR provider you added.
```

> 8. Provide a name for internal use within {{site.konnect_short_name}} and a display name for visibility on your Portal. In the **Auth Type** dropdown menu select DCR. In the **DCR Provider** dropdown, select the name of the DCR Provider config you just created. Your **Issuer URL** will be prepopulated with the Issuer URL you added to the DCR Provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. Provide a name for internal use within {{site.konnect_short_name}} and a display name for visibility on your Portal. In the **Auth Type** dropdown menu select DCR. In the **DCR Provider** dropdown, select the name of the DCR provider config you just created. Your **Issuer URL** will be prepopulated with the Issuer URL you added to the DCR provider.
```

6. Save your DCR provider. You should now see it in the list of DCR providers.

7. Navigate to the **Auth Strategy** tab, then select **New Auth Strategy** to create an auth strategy that uses the DCR provider.

8. Provide a name for internal use within {{site.konnect_short_name}} and a display name for visibility on your Portal. In the **Auth Type** dropdown menu select DCR. In the **DCR Provider** dropdown, select the name of the DCR provider config you just created. Your **Issuer URL** will be prepopulated with the Issuer URL you added to the DCR provider.

9. Enter the names of the **Scopes** and **Claims** as comma-separated values in their corresponding fields. The values should match the scopes or claims that were created in Okta.

   {:.note}
   > **Note:**  Avoid using the `openid` scope with client credentials as it restricts the use. If no scopes are specified, `openid` will be the default.

10. Select the relevant **Auth Methods** you need (`client_credentials`, bearer, session), and **Save**. 

{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab API %}

> After configuring Okta, you can integrate it with the Dev Portal for dynamic client registration (DCR). This process involves two steps: creating the DCR provider and establishing the authentication strategy. DCR providers are designed to be reusable configurations. This means once you've configured the Okta DCR provider, it can be utilized across multiple authentication strategies without needing to be set up again.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After configuring Okta, you can integrate it with the Dev Portal for dynamic client registration (DCR). This process involves two steps: creating the DCR provider and establishing the authentication strategy. DCR providers are designed to be reusable configurations. This means once you've configured the Okta DCR provider, it can be used across multiple authentication strategies without needing to be set up again.
```

> 1. Start by creating the DCR provider. Send a `POST` request to the[`v2/dcr-providers`](https://kong-platform-api.netlify.app/konnect/application-auth-strategies/v2/openapi.yaml/#tag/DCR-Providers/operation/create-dcr-provider) endpoint with your DCR configuration details. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Start by creating the DCR provider. Send a `POST` request to the [`v2/dcr-providers`](https://kong-platform-api.netlify.app/konnect/application-auth-strategies/v2/openapi.yaml/#tag/DCR-Providers/operation/create-dcr-provider) endpoint with your DCR configuration details: 
```

```sh
curl --request POST \
  --url https://us.api.konghq.com/v2/dcr-providers \
  --header 'Authorization: $KPAT' \
  --header 'content-type: application/json' \
  --data '{
  "name": "DCR Okta",
  "provider_type": "okta",
  "issuer": "https://my-issuer.okta.com/default",
  "dcr_config": {
    "dcr_token": "my_dcr_token"
  }'
```
You will receive a response that includes a `dcr_provider` object similar to the following:

   ```sh
   "dcr_provider": {
   "id": "33f8380e-7798-4566-99e3-2edf2b57d289",
   "name": "DCR Okta",
   "display_name": "Credentials",
   "provider_type": "okta"
   }
   ```
Save the `id` value for creating the authentication strategy.

> 2. With the `dcr_id` obtained from the first step, create an authentication strategy. Construct a `POST` request to the [`v2/create-auth-stratgies`](https://kong-platform-api.netlify.app/konnect/application-auth-strategies/v2/openapi.yaml/#tag/App-Auth-Strategies/operation/create-app-auth-strategy) endpoint describing an authentiaction strategy: 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Now that you've obtained the `dcr_id` in the first step, create an authentication strategy. Construct a `POST` request to the [`v2/create-auth-stratgies`](https://kong-platform-api.netlify.app/konnect/application-auth-strategies/v2/openapi.yaml/#tag/App-Auth-Strategies/operation/create-app-auth-strategy) endpoint describing an authentication strategy: 
```

   ```sh
   curl --request POST \

>    --url https://us.api.konghq.tech/v2/application-auth-strategies \

Author: ```suggestion
   --url https://us.api.konghq.com/v2/application-auth-strategies \
```
